Hi everyone.
My name is Fernando Medina Corey, and I'm a Pluralsight author.
Welcome to my course on Using the Serverless Framework with Node.
js on AWS.
In this course,
we're going to learn how to use the world's leading
framework for serverless development, the serverless framework.
Some of the major topics that we'll cover in this course include
the serverless framework's application model,
developing and deploying our own applications on AWS using the framework,
how we can build highly scalable event-driven services,
and how we could create resilient fault-tolerant
application architectures using the framework.
By the end of this course,
you'll know all the fundamental concepts you'll need to work
with the framework and have practiced each of them by
creating your own serverless services, full stack applications,
and CRUD APIs.
Before beginning the course, you should be somewhat familiar with JavaScript,
HTML, and the command-line, though all the commands,
code, and installation instructions will be provided for you during the course.
You may also want to take my Introduction to AWS Lambda
course here on Pluralsight to get a more fundamental
understanding of serverless applications.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn about
serverless application development with my course on using
the serverless framework with Node. js on AWS here at Pluralsight.